1. The `w4a8_gemm` and `w4a8_gemv` compressed files are Verilog projects corresponding to two kernels. Please open them using Vivado 2022.1.2. If some modules or files are missing in the opened Vivado project, first check whether the missing files exist in the `verilog` folder. If they do, disable or delete the files in the project, and then re-add the files from the `include/verilog` folder to the project. The `include/verilog` folder contains the computation and control modules required for the kernel projects.

2. The `vitis_project` compressed file contains the corresponding Vitis project, including the platform project and application project. Since the FPGA image is too large, the Vitis project does not include the required FPGA image. Please visit the AMD website to download the following file: [https://china.xilinx.com/member/forms/download/xef.html?filename=xilinx-zynq-common-v2022.1_04191534.tar.gz](https://china.xilinx.com/member/forms/download/xef.html?filename=xilinx-zynq-common-v2022.1_04191534.tar.gz). This file is the ZYNQ Common Image for the 2022.1 version. After installation, open the Vitis project and reconfigure the sysroot and related settings for the Vitis project.

3. The `include` folder contains our Verilog code and Tcl script. If you need to synthesize our project, please make sure the Tcl script is used in the Vitis project.

4. The `qwen-fpga` compressed archive contains the source code for reproducing the submission results. Please read the `README.md` file within it for reproduction instructions. Note: The `w4a8_infer_250M_v5.tar` is a packaged hardware-side bitstream for hardware deployment, while `w4a8_infer_250M_v5.xclbin` is the pre-generated software-side bitstream used for software-side parsing.